.TH runover 1

.SH NAME
runover \- run scripts on multiple hosts

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B runover
.RB [ \-np
.IR NP ]
.RB [ \-machinefile
.IR MF ]
.RB [ \-stdin
.IR INTEMP ]
.RB [ \-stdout
.IR OUTTEMP ]
.RB [ \-stderr
.IR ERRTEMP ]
.I SCRIPT ARGS ...

.SH DESCRIPTION

.PP
The
.B runover
program runs a script on multiple hosts.
A machine file specifies each host processor that may be used;
a host processor may be mentioned multiple times if multiple
instances of the script may be run simultaneously.
The script name, arguments,
and path names for input and output are all treated as templates
with several substitutions defined.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BI -np\  NP
Run a total of
.I NP
processes.
If this is not specified, a single process is run on each
machine specified by the machine file.
If
.I NP
is greater than the number of machines in the machine file,
then machines are reused.
.TP
.BI -machinefile\  MACHINEFILE
List of machines to use.
A machine may be specified multiple times;
for each occurrence, a process may be run simultaneously.
.TP
.BI -stderr\  ERRTEMP
Path template for standard error output files.
.TP
.BI -stdin\  INTEMP
Path template for standard input files.
.TP
.BI -stdout\  OUTTEMP
Path template for standard output files.

.SH TEMPLATE PROCESSING

.PP
The
.B runover
command will perform the following substitutions on the script name,
the script arguments,
and the path name templates ERRTEMP, INTEMP, and OUTTEMP:
.TP
.B %j
Replace this with the current job number,
as specified by the configuration script.
This is typically a job number from a job control system
such as
.B DQS
or
.B PBS.
.TP
.B %p
Replace this with the current process number.

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
.B runover -stdout out%j.%p myjob dataset.%p
Invokes
.B runover
with a standard set of machines.
If this is a batch job, e.g., through
.BR DQS ,
then the set of machines are those assigned by the batch system.
Output will go to files with names beginning with "out",
followed by the job name assigned by the batch system, followed by
a period, then the process number.  The script will be stored in
.IR myjob .


.SH FILES

.I /etc/runover/config-script.sh

.I /etc/runover/machine-script.sh
